---
title: 17.11.16
layout: post
author: scott.jackson
permalink: /17.11.16/
source-id: 14dQL_geXp5D3CDSWSZZocxOJFzQx944aT92BOjJKIqo
published: true
---
Working on our blogs.

Today we were working on our blogs and making them better. When I sat down first I decided to work on my bio/description because I needed to change to something more related to our lessons. After that I decided I need to change my background to make it look more interesting. My old background was just green whereas my new one if a wolf with its fur as a colourful design which I thought looked good. I was having problems committing the changes. I managed to do it by refreshing the page where you make your changes close down the website then open it up again and refresh. I was relieved when it finally worked. 

After that I tried to get my background to stay where it is. Lewis told me a very useful website (w3schools) which told me how to do it. When I fixed my background I found that there was a white thick line roughly 3cm long on the left hand sign of my screen and a 1 cm line the other.   I was looking for 10 minutes but I couldn't find out how to do it. 

When I was looking closer I realised my text was hard to read because I had a dark background because my writing was black. I tried to change it to white but it didn't change for around 20 minutes. This got me stressed. When I asked Padraig to look at my website my writing was white so I was very confused. I need to change my description and name colour because you can barely read it.

