---
title: 2.2.17
layout: post
author: scott.jackson
permalink: /2.2.17/
source-id: 1lW6tOuacjQpzDHBdiLcK3Z7mAp6OBcFKiaTQs-oTktg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python coding lesson 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>02/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>14% through the course</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get 5% more on code academy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I did</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson lesson we spent another lesson on python coding. I was working through the boolean parts of the coding. I found looking into things in more depth was useful as I could understand it more. I was trying to learn what the different symbols meant, but I got confused what they meant. I reached my lesson target to do 5% more.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on applying my previous knowledge to what I am doing at the moment. Using past knowledge would make it easier for me and quicker. I also need to try to copy it down without knowing what I am doing. This will cause trouble in the future. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to focus more and bring in past knowledge and common sense to improve what I am doing. I will try to remember things rather than just skipping it and forgetting them. I think I lack concentration after a while and find myself doing other things like talking to my mates later on in the lesso.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


