---
title: 12.1.17
layout: post
author: scott.jackson
permalink: /12.1.17/
source-id: 1q90Fv9zzr0RfQVHp2oJVooWZ1ZECS19amFS84mLh65s
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Talking about failure</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12.1.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To change my layout of my blog</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, we were discussing for most of the lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson our teacher gathered us all around the front of the classroom and we were discussing failure and how to learn in today's lesson. Are main example was watching this japanese kid try to do this vault, he kept on trying but kept on failing. At the end all the people cheered him on and he finally did it. We were also learning not to make people feel bad when they put their hand up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found that not spending time on the computer limited my learning. I was hoping i could finally crack the container background and the colour scheme. I think I need to get into the habit of finding out things on my own rather than constantly asking my friends.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will get more involved in the lesson.This comes from putting my hand up and contributing my idea of point. I find at the moment I don't really get involved as much because I normally keep my ideas to myself. I sometimes find myself also getting a bit distracted at the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


